Chapter 1: The language destroyer and good guys
ALL YOUR ENGLISH ARE DESTROYED BY US
CATs blew up everything in sight. It was recommended for the Zero Wing committee to learn how to speak English, because all the other federations required it. It was hard for alien species to speak perfect English thanks to their brain and voicebox, and CATS was purposely trting to get rid of the language. CATS talks to his troops. Oh yeah, there was a survivor from Zero Wing, but no-one cared..


"Good evening gentlemen! I need plan to ruin english language!" CATs tells his troops.


"No good thought.. We can t think!" the troops reply.


Suddenly, an assassin that CATs hired enters the room.


"How you are?" CATs asks.


"I listen to plan.. I have idea! Great idea that can work!" the assassin says.


"What plan it?" CATs asks.


"We preserve body your in ice chamber make live longer! Future generation will suffer before chance!" The assassin tells CATs.


"Ha ha ha!" CATs and the assassin laugh.


"I fire you!" CATs replies.


"Open airlock troops, throw him out!" CATs replies.


The airlock is quickly open, and the troops toss out the assassin, then they close the airlock.


"Dead guy idea good! Use it!" CATs tells his troops.


The troops grab CATs and put him in a cold room, then they lock the door.


****


Centuries later, in the U.S.S. Enterprise


"Captain, I just found something very scary out!" the green skinned android guy says.


"Yes, what is it?" Captain Picard asks.


"The area we are in, is where the Zero Wing Committee was destroyed." the android tells the Captain.


"What is your point? I don t care about a history lesson." Captain Picard tells the android.


"Well, this area may be filled with pirates and such." the android replies.


Suddenly, a Black small space shuttle is seen on the vid-screen.


"Wait! Survivors of the wreck!" the android tells Picard.


The spine head dude looks at the object closely.


"That isn t a survivor of this region!" the spine head guy tells Picard.


"Quick, make communications with it!" Picard says.


*****


Somewhere far in space (that century):


A Zero-Wing space jet is floating, and a man is inside. He wakes up.


"Where I am?" the man says.


He looks at his clock on his spaceship and noticed centuries passed.


"Drugs of my! Them worked! Lived longer I!" the man says, realising he lived for centuries asleep.


"Zero-Wing base are belong to CATs at time. CATs ancestors own me base at this time?" the man asks.


*****


CATs s secret hide out:


CATs is let out of the room, then quickly defrosted.


"Welcome to our generation!" a scientist tells Cats.


"What you say?" Cats asks.


"You were locked in there for a couple of centuries, and your were frozen, but I quickly recovered you." the scientist tells Cats.


"Why weird speak not I?" Cats asks.


"What did you say?" the scientist asks.


"Why english perfect?" Cats asks.


"Well, all federations are required to speak perfect english. Now I must bring you to my home planet, you seem very special, like a peice of history." the scientist says.


*****


Back at the U.S.S. enterprise:


A vid screen opens, and suddenly, MR.T is shown!


"What are you doing here? This place is U.S.S. Federation Territory!" Picard tells Mr.T..


"Well, I was day-dreaming!" Mr.T tells Picard over the Vid-Screen..


"Captain.. If my history is correct, that looks like a van from the 1970s!" the android tells Picard.


"That s impossible, your circuits are fried! Go meet the guy who claims he was in another dimension where he could see and host a child s show "Reading Rainbow" and said we were on a T.V. show!" Picard tells the android.


"Yes sir." the android replies, then heads toward the engine room with the blind black engineer.


"Please explain what you are doing in this area!" Picard tells Mr.T


"Well, the A-Team fixed my van and made it capable of being a submarine. Then this guy named Allah was working in a Volcano with all these weird devices and meteors! It was my job to take that foo  Allah down, and ain t nothin wrong with that! Then suddenly, the Volcano was about to erupt, and the rest of the A-Team took all the helicopters. I quickly got in my van and locked the doors, just when the base of about to flow full of lava, suddenly, these machines and meteors explode, and the whole place turns dark and I fall asleep. Then I open my eyes, see that I m still in my van, but in a weird area! I found out this was space, and then-" Mr. T goes on and on.


"Okay, I understand. Now would you mind if we help you in anyway?" Picard asks.


"I want Icecream!" Mr. T tells Picard..


"I will rip him to shreads if he keeps fooling around, and then rip those shreads to smaller shreads." the spine headed says.


"Yo! Freak of nature! Ain t nobody talk to Mr. T like that!" Mr. T says.


******


Planet Nebuland:


CATs is in a space shuttle with the scientist, the shuttle is landing down in the planet s capitol soon.


"You ever want not use language english?" CATs asks.


"Yeah.. Alot of locals don t like the language.. Ever sense that stupid peace federation, everyone in the Galaxy has to speak English! In fact, a couple of centuries ago, anyone from Earth had to speak English when they went into Space. Nowadays everyone has to speak English PERFECTLY or the federation won t understand you. Sucks major ass." the scientist says.


"Why not destroy language english?" CATs asks.


"Well, its kind of impossible now. Even if we try to, the federation will be very suspicous." the scientist tells CATs.


The shuttle lands on the capitol of the Planet, the capitol is "Pie Ass Destrub."


"Have you leader at all?" CATs asks.


"No, we don t have a leader on this planet." the scientist says.


CATs smiles.


*****


Somewhere far in space (again):


The pilot doesn t have a name, and his ship has no full.


"What I do?" the pilot says to himself.


"Message must I make people hear!" the pilot says.


"ALL ALONE AM I!" the pilot screams!


******


To be continued:


Will the pilot of the Zero-Wing craft ever get saved or speak English properlly? Will Mr.T ever understand how he got in space and get his Ice Cream? Will Captain Picard ever report what happened to the U.S.S. federation? Will CATs make people speak incorrect english? And finally, what are the ingredients to those drugs that Zero-Wing pilot made!


Find out for some of these in the next episode of ALL YOUR ENGLISH ARE DESTROYED BY US!


Chapter 2: MrT teams up, CATs meets debate, and Dah CUBE get da Pilot
Note: I do not own any of the characters what so-ever.. Mr.T is an actual person who belongs to himself.. Mr.T s van is copyrighted by whoever is head of the A-Team company. U.S.S. Enterprise and its characters are copyrighted by whatever company own Star Trek. Stupid Cube like structure with androids, cyborgs, and robots is copyrighted by the people who own Star Trek also. Lastly, Zero-Wing stuff, like the dialogue, Zero-Wing fighter jet, unknown Zero-Wing pilot, and CATs are copyrighted by their creators. And yes, I did make up Planet Nebuland, I hope atleast.
U.S.S. Enterprise communications: DECK..


"What did you say!" the spine headed brown alien/guy yells .


"Foo ! You wanna fight with me! Cuss no-one wins against Mr.T!" Mr.T tells the Spine headed brown alien/guy.


"Do you know who I am! I m Wolf, head of this ship s offensive-" spine headed dude says, revealing his name as Wolf, before getting interupted.


"This is enough! I will not tolerated this! Go to your room!" Captain Picard tells the spine headed brown alien/guy/freak/WOLF.


"Yes sir.." the spine headed guy replies, then leaves the deck.


"Okay, we know your name is Mr.T.. State what kind of weapons you have on your craft!" Captain Picard says.


"I ve got torpedoes and that s about it!" Mr.T replies.


Suddenly, Captain Picard s sidekick, Commander Riker (the guy with the beard and stuff) enters the deck.


"Check it out! Some human from October 6th, 2003 asked his dad for my name!" Commander Riker replies.


"What?" Mr.T and Captain Picard asks.


"Nothing, now, lets check and see if you have any offense weapons on your craft!" Commander Riker says.


Some woman next to Riker checks Mr.T s ship.


"This ship seems to be very old, I can t check it! The only contact we can make with this ship is by communications." the woman says.


"Mr.T, do you mind if we investegate your ship? We understand you have no idea what we are doing. But the U.S.S. Enterprise is part of the U.S.S. federation." Captain Picard tells Mr.T..


"This ain t a ship! This is my van with sub-marine gear! And it goes hella fast!" Mr.T responds.


2Chapter 2: MrT teams up, CATs meets debate, and Dah CUBE get da Pilot
Note: I do not own any of the characters what so-ever.. Mr.T is an actual person who belongs to himself.. Mr.T s van is copyrighted by whoever is head of the A-Team company. U.S.S. Enterprise and its characters are copyrighted by whatever company own Star Trek. Stupid Cube like structure with androids, cyborgs, and robots is copyrighted by the people who own Star Trek also. Lastly, Zero-Wing stuff, like the dialogue, Zero-Wing fighter jet, unknown Zero-Wing pilot, and CATs are copyrighted by their creators. And yes, I did make up Planet Nebuland, I hope atleast.
U.S.S. Enterprise communications: DECK..


"What did you say!" the spine headed brown alien/guy yells .


"Foo ! You wanna fight with me! Cuss no-one wins against Mr.T!" Mr.T tells the Spine headed brown alien/guy.


"Do you know who I am! I m Wolf, head of this ship s offensive-" spine headed dude says, revealing his name as Wolf, before getting interupted.


"This is enough! I will not tolerated this! Go to your room!" Captain Picard tells the spine headed brown alien/guy/freak/WOLF.


"Yes sir.." the spine headed guy replies, then leaves the deck.


"Okay, we know your name is Mr.T.. State what kind of weapons you have on your craft!" Captain Picard says.


"I ve got torpedoes and that s about it!" Mr.T replies.


Suddenly, Captain Picard s sidekick, Commander Riker (the guy with the beard and stuff) enters the deck.


"Check it out! Some human from October 6th, 2003 asked his dad for my name!" Commander Riker replies.


"What?" Mr.T and Captain Picard asks.


"Nothing, now, lets check and see if you have any offense weapons on your craft!" Commander Riker says.


Some woman next to Riker checks Mr.T s ship.


"This ship seems to be very old, I can t check it! The only contact we can make with this ship is by communications." the woman says.


"Mr.T, do you mind if we investegate your ship? We understand you have no idea what we are doing. But the U.S.S. Enterprise is part of the U.S.S. federation." Captain Picard tells Mr.T..


"This ain t a ship! This is my van with sub-marine gear! And it goes hella fast!" Mr.T responds.


"Just please let us check your "van" as you call it." Commander Riker says.


"Oh okay." Mr.T responds.


Commander Riker walks toward the pond.


"Beam me up Scottie!" Commander Riker says.


"Who the hell is Scottie?" the woman asks.


"Spok, don t you know of Scottie?" Commander Riker asks Captain Picard.


"You seem to have your history mixed up, this is the U.S.S. Enterprise, you are thinking of the last generation, just get your job done!" Captain Picard tells Riker.


"Oh alright.." Riker replies.


************


Planet Nebuland: capitol "Pie Ass Destrub"


The shuttle doors open, and the citizens watch the scientist and CATs walk out.


"Hurray, the scientist s rumors are true!" Citizens scream.. CATs and the scientist walk toward the debate tower and enter it. CATs is welcomed.


"Hello Gob Schneeedoor!" some debate people say to the scientist, revealing his name.


"Yeah yeah.. I get the idea.." Gob Schneeedoor replies (the scientist).


"Who is that guy next to you?" a fellow debater says.


"CATs my name!" CATs responds.


"He s not good at speaking English, but he makes good points." Gob Schneeedoor replies.


CATs doesn t like the fact everyone is speaking English perfectly.


"People ever not English speak?" CATs asks.


"Yes.. But this is the capital of the planet.. We all have to speak PERFECT English at this capital, follow me, I ll show you the debate room, a debate is about to start soon." Gob Schneeedoor tells CATs.


They walk up to an elevator door and it opens, quickly Gob Schneeedoor and CATs enter the elevator before the doors close.


"This may take a while, there are over 80 floors in this building." Gob Schneeedoor tells CATs..


Elevator music goes on..


"Music odd.. Why music soothing and silent? Music be loud!" CATs tells Gob Schneeedoor..


"Elevator music has always been like that.. Its for people who are afraid of heights and stuff.." Gob Schneeedoor replies.


**********


Back in space: the middle of nowhere..


"Full ship needs!" the pilot says.. Obviously mispelling and pronouncing "fuel"..


"Wait... Power Solar!" the pilot says, then hits a button and suddenly, the ship gains fuel by making solar panels rise..


"Am saved I!" the pilot says.


Suddenly, a big, grey, cube thing with lots of polls and wires is seen. And its gets bigger and bigger.


On board the big grey cube thing: deck..


Androids, cyborgs, and robots are seen.. In a crappy deck, very dark with pipers and metalic walls surrounding them. The captain quickly notices the vehicle..


"What the hell is that! Get me communications, now!" the captain, who is a cyborg yells.


a robot presses a button, and a vid-screen appears..


In that stupid Zero-Wing ship:


A vid-screen appears in front of the pilot, a very small vid-screen.


"Last communications at!" the pilot yells with happiness!


On board the big grey cube thing: deck (again)


"That motha ****** is huge boss!" an android yells to the captain.


"That thing has human flesh! No mechanical peices in it! Should we attack it because of flesh?" asks a robot.


"No.. I have flesh to you know.. He might be a cyborg like me.. But that creature is huge, all we can see is his belly on our vid-screen." the captain cyborg replies.


"Who are you! What is your species!" the cyborg yells at the vid-screen..


"Am name I not know!" the pilot of the Zero-Wing replies (except only you can see his belly jiggles on the vid-screen)..


"Sure.. That guy speaks horrible English! It could be possible that thing may be a android from a single century again that can communicate in all languages, but the dialogue gets messed up." a cyborg replies.


"Let me tells him.. OOHh alalal fudgetie tute so moi atie con moonca?" the captain asks in an unknown language.


"What you say?" the Zero-Wing pilot asks.


"You are wrong partner. He has no translator chip!" the captain tells the cyborg..


"Also, I said, Where is my dinner be-ach and who ate my candy?" the captain says to the vid-screen.


"Confuse am I is..." the Zero-Wing pilot replies (with his belly jiggling of course on the vid-screen)..


*******


Mr.T s Van: Inside foo 


Commander Riker beams into Mr. T s van.. Suddenly, the A-Team theme plays.. Ba-ba baa ba-baaa, dum dum-dum-dum-DUUUM! Ba ba ba ba, ba ba ba-ba bum! Ba- - (okay, I ll stop)


"Dang that s coo !" Mr.T says when he sees Commander Riker teleport in..


"Where are your torpedos?" Commander Riker asks.


"In the back foo !" Mr.T says..


Commander Riker walks behind all the chairs to the back of the van..


"Oh MY GOD!" Commander Riker yells in his little badge..


U.S.S. Enterprise: Deck


"What is it, does he have...  Weapons of mass destruction  in there?" Captain Picards asks.


Mr.T s Van foo 


"These torpedos are.. VERY OLD! I ve heard of these in history books about the centuries 1900 and 2000 AD!" Commander Riker says.


"What, they ain t good enough to take enemies out? I can beat em up my self usually! Why buy big expensive torpedos when I m gonna kick the enemies asses anyway!" Mr.T tells Commander Riker.


"You re in Space Mr.T, and besides that, you have no teleportation/beam equipment to fight your enemies in hand-to-hand combat!" Commander Riker says..


"That was way after the time the volcano erupted! I couldn t buy a single thing foo !" Mr. T tells Commander Riker.


Commander walks in the back and finds lots of big empty jugs of Milk!


"What the heck is with all these jugs?" Commander Riker asks.


"Foo ! I always drink my Milk! One of the reason s I m so strong besides my gold!" Mr.T responds.


"It turns out there are no deadly weapons on this ship... And it seems like Mr.T was telling the truth, believe it or not.." Commander Riker says to his stupid badge..


"Wait a second, how did you respond to our communications?" Commander Riker asks when he notices Mr.T doesn t have a vid-screen system.


"Foo ! I got myself a radio system, I just pick up my little radio speaker and talk! And on my radio system, I got a nice little T.V." Mr.T responds, pointing at the small T.V. on his radio system..


"Well, its against U.S.S. federation rules to allow someone to stay in space with little equipment, you seemed to have no milk or food left anymore.. Mr.T, can you drive your ship inside the shuttle room of the U.S.S. Enterprise?" Commander Riker asks.


"What s in it for me?" Mr.T asks.


"The icecream you wanted earlier I guess.." Commander Riker replies.


"Hell yeah! I ll go in there!" Mr.T responds.


On the very top of the U.S.S. Enterprise (the saucer part), a hatch opens.


"Watch this!" Mr.T responds.


Quickly, Mr.T s van drives into the hatch without a problem and the hatch closes.


U.S.S. Enterprise: Loading and Unloading Shuttle area..


Quickly, the doors of Mr.T s van open quickly..


"How did you do that so fast?" Commander Riker says.


"You might of not been at that place at the time on my T.V., so I ll repeat this line.. My van is hella fast!" Mr.T tells Commander Riker.


"Now where s my icecream foo ?" Mr.T asks Commander Riker.


********


Planet Nebuland: Capitol "Pie Ass Destrub"; in the debate tower..


"So, what were elevators like in your area?" Gob Schneeedoor asks.


"Would I lots of screaming hear! Blood over all walls! Music not exist, except dying people screams! Unsafe were elevators!" CATs tells Gob Schneeedoor..


Elevator doors open at the 90th floor, and a bunch of politicians are seen everywhere, they look at Gob Schneeedoor and CATs and they happen to be amazed..


"Gob Schneeedoor, it seems you were right about survivors in that area!" a politician says in exciting..


"Tell them your name.." Gob Schneeedoor says to CATs..


"CATs name my is.." CATs replies..


"What the! Did you hear him!" a politician replies in disgust..


"You don t understand, he s a good debater.. He makes excellent points! You can t judge someone because they can t speak English properly, and CATs is going to prove it! In fact, he has plans to do something about this "always speak English perfectly" thing.." Gob Schneeedoor replies..


"Now cates, walk behind that big tall desk-like structure with the microphone." Gob Schneeedoor tells CATs..


CATs walks behind the booth, and taps on the microphone.. Hundreds of politicians are looking at him..


**************


Back at that cube thing: deck


"What ever he is.. We need to get him in hear.." the cyborg captain tells his cadets..


"Oh bloody hell!" an android says..


"What ever your name is, please enter our ship! Its the cube like thing!" the cyborg captain yells in the vid-screen..


"Scam be might! I want not do go in! Bomb somebody set me up!" the Zero- Wing Pilot says (belly jiggling on the screen of course)


"I knew this would happen Captain, now give me some Crunch!" a cyborg says..


"I will not give you my crunch.. Now we need to capture that creature for analysis!" the captain cyborg says.


"Capture! NOOO! Hate capture I!" the Zero-Wing pilot yells..


"Send out the troops! Don t kill him! He ll make a good analysis!" the cyborg captain yells..


Space Arena: (in other words, I m to lazy to switch between ship every time)


Three garbage can ships fly out of the giant cube!


Suddenly, the Zero-Wing Pilot stops firing lasers..


"Captain, he s hostile!" an android pilot yells in his communication device.


"Damn it android friend! Don t let him escape! And don t fire! Use your hook-shot weapons, there the best non-lethal weapon available to sure capture the pilot!" the captain cyborg yells..


The first garbage can ship fire a hook, quickly, the Zero-Wing fighter fires lasers and destroys the hook.


"Ship 1 s hook is disable captain!" yells an android on the pilot deck..


Ships 2 & 3 fire their hooks, but the Zero-Wing fighter quickly fires at the weapons..


"Deploy the oil weapons, now!" the cyborg captain tells them..


"But sir, those are untested, it could help the enemy, or blow up the targetted ship if the pilots keeps try fire.." pilots of the garbage cans respond..


"Just do it!" the captain yells.. Then quickly he turns on his vid-screen to the Zero-Wing pilot..


"You have no idea who we are! We killed many pilots! And we are going to spare your life! Is this how you ll treat us? If you continually escape even after the oil weapons, we will quickly use this mother ship s torpedos immediately, destroying your ship to smithereens!" the cyborg captain yells.


"Freedom! Lie you are do!" the Zero-Wing pilot says (belly jiggling still)..


Quickly, the oil in big bags fly toward the Zero-Wing ship, then they hit the Zero-Wing fighter s weapon system..


"Can t lasers fire make!" the Zero-Wing pilot says.


Oil bags fly into the ships exhaust engine/boosters..


"Escape can not I do now! Must free I now, oil shake off!" the Zero-Wing pilot says..


"Sir, the tested weapons have succeeded!" the android says..


"Captain, he s about to commit suicide!" a cyborg yells..


"Listen! I have no idea where you can from! But we are not trying to kill you! If you continually try to fire at us with your weapon system jammed, the system will blow up killing you! Its up to you, give up and live.. Or keep trying to kill yourself and die!" the cyborg captain yells in the vid- screen..


Quickly, the Zero-Wing pilot quits.


"Up give I!" the Zero-Wing pilot says.


"Good, your life will be spared.." the cyborg captain says..


"Now your ship won t be damage, and we ll real you in!" the cyborg captain says.


Quickly, the garbage can ships fly toward the Zero-Wing fighter, attach to it like magnets, and fly towards the cube like ship..


*********


To be continued:


So, it turns out the U.S.S. Enterprise people and Mr.T have gotten along (well, except that spine headed guy Wulf/Wolf). CATs is being treated very well and can t speak English properly still. Plus, the Zero-Wing pilot has been captured by some cube like ship with androids (that are probally enemies of the U.S.S. Enterprise). But will Mr.T become a help to the U.S.S. Enterprise? What about CATs, will he destroy the English language and kill people? Finally, what will happen to that stupid Zero-Wing pilot? Find out next time on "All Your English Destroyed By Us."


End Note1: What the drugs the Zero-Wing pilot took will not be revealed for what it was made out of, we can claim it as magic or a small plot enabling device.


End Note2: I urge you to get any fans of Mr.T and Star Trek who like fanfiction on to read this.. I can not copy this as the rules say into the Mr.T and Star Trek sections of .. I just happened to put it in Zero-Wing because CATs is the main villian..

"I mean it - she was the most realistic simulation I ve seen since Minuet."

Riker s eyes were bright as he recalled the earlier test of the Enterprise-E s holodeck that he, Data, Troi, and Geordi had conducted at a jazz bar. Even Worf had come along, after his protests were dismissed by Troi pointing out that the reason for his visit from Deep Space 9 was to see the new ship. They had decided to cap the night off with an inaugural poker game in Riker s quarters, which quickly became controlled by his and Data s rapidly growing chip stacks.

Geordi tossed two cards into the center of the table. "You re just saying that because she could actually pretend to put up with your bluster."

"I m shocked - shocked, Geordi, that you doubt her interest was genuine."

"It was not genuine, Commander." Data flicked two cards neatly into Geordi s waiting hands. "She was merely a holographic representation of a female patron of the establishment and any interest she may have demonstrated was the result of a computer simulation." He considered for a moment, then continued. "The fact that she did appear to have an interest in your unsubtle advances may in fact demonstrate a flaw in the holodeck programming of the new Enterprise."

Troi and Geordi stifled their laughter, and even Worf looked amused, in his own way. Data was pleased - it had been 439 days since the installation of the emotion chip, but he was still not completely confident in his ability to determine the appropriateness of humor at the expense of someone else.

"Yeah, okay. But come on, you guys gotta admit, this was one of the best holodeck programs we ve seen in a while, right? I mean, she was stunning." He turned to Geordi for confirmation. "Right?"

Geordi looked at his new cards. "She was something, all right," he replied noncommittally as he toyed with his chips, waiting for Troi to make her bet.

"Twenty," she said, and tossed two chips into the pile.

Riker quickly called. "What d you think of her, Worf?"

"She was much too small a mate for a Klingon." He scowled at his hand and the growing pile of chips in turn, then slapped his cards onto the table. "Fold."

"You guys are killing me. What about you, Data?"

"Sir?"

"What did you think of her? I mean, correct me if I m wrong, but I d just assumed that since you got the emotion chip you d..." He made a vague hand gesture. "...be able to experience sexual attraction."

Geordi raised a disbelieving eyebrow, but failed to seem surprised at Riker s forwardness. "Call."

Data felt an odd sense of embarrassment - an emotion he had experienced much less frequently than many others. He considered whether or not he should avoid the subject Riker had brought up, as many humans would choose to do. But then, was it not a common human bonding experience to discuss one s romantic life? Though was it also not common for humans to stop short of discussing more intimate details?

After 27 microseconds seconds of consideration, Data decided to match Riker s forwardness. "Indeed you are correct, Commander. However, thus far it has only been directed toward male members of humanoid species. Consequently I felt nothing for her. Dealer folds."

There was an awkward silence while Riker, Troi and Geordi exchanged glances.

Geordi turned slightly in his seat to look at him. "Data, do you mean to... Are you telling us you re... gay?"

Data accessed his language databases. "In my understanding of the most common usage of the term, yes, I believe that may be accurate."

Another pause.

"And this, uh..." Riker scratched at his beard as he leaned forward, brow furrowed. "This is because of the chip? Because of a bit of programming?"

"It would appear so. Dr. Soong was meticulous in his creation of the chip. I do not doubt that he would have taken my sexuality program into consideration while constructing it."

"But Lore got hold of it before you did, right? Is it possible that he tampered with it?" Troi sharply jabbed her elbow into Riker s arm at this.

"No. Geordi and I saw no evidence of damage to the chip other than what was caused when I was forced to fire a phaser at Lore." The usual unbidden conflicting emotions that arose when the death of his brother was brought up began to flood his mind. The subject had proven to be the greatest obstacle in his attempts to fully integrate emotions into his life, and was still capable of causing great distress. Counselor Troi had assured him this was to be expected of anyone who had experienced what he had and advised him to not simply turn off the chip when it became a problem, saying only time would allow him to fully heal.

Accordingly, he allowed the emotions to continue to process in the background and continued. "You seem to imply that the emotional expression of my sexuality program may be a defect of some kind in the chip. I do not understand why this would be so."

Riker opened and closed his mouth a few times as he appeared to search for words. Worf interrupted anything he would have said, however, as he straightened his back and appeared to enter what Geordi had once called his Pompous Klingon mode. At the time Data had failed to understand the joke; however, upon reviewing similar instances from the past he now believed he could see the appropriateness of the appellation.

"Could you not alter the program?" The Pompous Klingon mode was accompanied by this particular grumbling voice in 87.4% of occurrences, and nearly always coincided with an assertion of the proper Klingon way of conducting one s affairs.

Data was beginning to see a problem. "Why should I wish to do so?"

"Because it is not... normal."

Another silence descended upon the table. Data noted that Geordi continued to appear to devote his attention to stacking his chips in various patterns, his jaw clenched. Troi looked at a loss for words, and Riker widened his eyes by nine percent as he thought out loud.

"Wouldn t say it s not normal... Unusual, maybe..."

This seemed to be the wrong thing to say. Geordi s stack of chips collapsed and he looked up sharply. "Now wait a-"

Troi smacked Riker s arm with the back of her hand this time. "Will!"

"Please," Data interrupted, and they all stared at him. He found the effect was somewhat off-putting. "This appears to have made you uncomfortable in some way. I had not spared much thought to the implications of this particular manifestation of my emotional programming. I was unaware that it would be cause for concern. In fact, I was given to understand that homosexuality began to become destigmatized in human society during the period after Earth s third World War, shortly prior to the founding of the Federation. Is this not accurate?"

"Yes, Data, it is." Troi said this as much to Riker as to Data.

Riker raised his hands in a placating gesture. "Yeah, definitely, it s just... uncommon. And, well... What about Tasha? And Jenna?"

"Those relationships are not relevant, as they occurred prior to the installation of the emotion chip. My actions with Tasha were the result of a sexuality program that lacked the direction that the emotion chip now provides for it. My relationship with Jenna was governed by a program I had to specifically create for her. One could liken it to the conditioning of the humanoid mind to produce an expected response upon encountering certain stimuli. It is not a native response to the individual."

Anger was the first emotion Data had ever felt, and aside from humor was the one he had spent the most time analyzing. During his sessions with Troi following the last encounter with Lore, she had raised the possibility that he would not be able to fully understand everything that had occurred if he was unable to experience the associated emotions. It was a large factor in his decision to finally install the chip. He had used the majority of the shore leave he had been granted after the destruction of the Enterprise-D to attempt to come to terms with the events, and consequently he had had to relive several distinct varieties of negative emotions.

He occasionally felt a twinge of regret that anger was the emotion with which he was most familiar. Data knew that Troi harbored a quiet yet profound sympathy for this, and was grateful.

At this moment, however, the emotional state he was experiencing was a novel one. It contained the sixteenth type of anger that he had identified, but also the third confusion, eleventh fear, a small amount of the eighth variety of sadness, and an overwhelming desire to voice every thought that came to mind on the subject. He would need to speak with Counselor Troi about this, but for the moment he followed what they had agreed would be the best course and let the emotions take him where they would.

"To my knowledge," he continued in a coolly logical tone before anyone could respond to his analogy, "there are 28 same-sex couples aboard the Enterprise. Of these, seven are interspecies relationships. It is not an uncommon phenomenon. I do not understand why you are more concerned with my apparent sexuality than you are with theirs."

The poker game seemed forgotten. "Further, I believe it must be pointed out that my gender was itself essentially an arbitrary decision on the part of Dr. Soong. He and my mother argued over the matter until he simply crafted my head in his image. In fact, one could say that this is true for any aspect of my personality. For example, while I am in all practical aspects ambidextrous, I do favor my left hand for simple tasks such as painting. This is not a conscious choice or a spontaneously generated piece of code. It was a decision that Dr. Soong must have at some point purposefully made while he was creating me."

Riker let out an uncomfortable laugh. "Maybe we should call it a night before you end up having an existential crisis."

"On the contrary, Commander. I am quite comfortable with my identity. I am Noonien Soong s son." Data paused momentarily as he considered how best to help the others understand. "My original programming is not unlike the genome that humanoid children inherit from their parents. My subsequent enhancement of that programming is simply the child maturing as it learns how to interact with the world around it.

"You will note, for example, that I often include short pauses in my speech when I am engaged in casual conversation. I have found that affectations such as these add nuance and connotation to speech that is beyond the simple meaning of the words. While in reality it may only take me 12 nanoseconds to determine the most appropriate word for the occasion, I may show hesitation in order to convey the complexity of the situation. This was not part of my original language programming, but rather came out of several years of observation and experience."

It had been a long while since Data had spoken largely uninterrupted for such a lengthy period of time outside of a staff meeting or a theatrical performance - not, in fact, since consulting with Troi about Lore s death and his first brush with emotion. He wondered what it meant that the others had remained silent except for Riker s attempt at a joke.

"In contrast, the program that I wrote for Lieutenant D Sora was not the result of this normal growth pattern. It was written out of necessity rather than growing organically, so to speak, and was subsequently deleted. It has no more relevance to my current operation than would any other learning experience for what not to do.

"While it would theoretically be possible to alter the sexuality expression of the emotion chip, to do so would fundamentally alter the programming that my father laid down for me. I would essentially be changing my genome for no purpose other than to be more  normal. " He glanced at Worf. "I am not a conventional lifeform. I see no reason to attempt to alter myself in this respect so that I may experience commonality."

The subject of the D Sora program had raised the memory of the argument he had attempted to engage her in. The program he had written included a provision for "storming out" when one was finished with a heated discussion, and since then Data had been fascinated by the idea but had never found an opportunity to attempt it himself. His observations led him to believe that this would be an ideal occasion, and, if he correctly understood the idea behind it, would serve to finalize his argument.

He rose, neatly stacking his cards and chips and pushing them to the center of the table. "I believe I have said everything there is to be said with regards to my sexuality program. If you still find yourself confused, I suggest you converse with Counselor Troi. I must attend to an experiment in the biometrics lab. Excuse me."

If Data had been unsure whether Troi would mind being used in such a manner, the quickly suppressed amused smile that crossed her face as he left would have told him all he needed to know.

10.7 hours after leaving Commander Riker s quarters, Data entered Counselor Troi s. Her eyes brightened when she saw him.

"Hi, Data. I have a feeling I know what you re here to talk about." She gestured to the sofa next to her. "Come in, sit down."

"If you are referring to the incident during the poker game last night, you are correct," he began, taking his usual place at the end of the couch. "I have several concerns I wish to discuss."

Troi s smile faded, but she retained the ghost of it she often held when counseling someone. "Such as?"

"Primarily, my attempt to make the others understand my feelings on the matter of my sexuality program. I believe I may have...  laid it on too thick. "

Her brow furrowed slightly. "In what way?"

"I am concerned that my actions may be perceived as ranting at Commander Riker and Worf. I had not intended to do so, and I feel as though I must apologize." He blinked. "I find, however, that part of me does not wish to apologize."

"Then don t."

Data blinked again. "Counselor?"

Troi leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees. "Data, you did nothing wrong. You reacted exactly as I would expect someone whose identity was unfairly questioned to react."

"Unfairly questioned?" He reviewed the conversation to determine what she most likely meant. "Are you referring to Commander Riker inquiring if Lore had tampered with the emotion chip, or Worf s suggestion that I alter the program due to its abnormality?"

"Both." Troi sighed. "See, Data, it s true that now most humans don t care one way or another about other people s sexualities, but some wounds of the Eugenics Wars are harder to heal than others. And some cultures are still somewhat hesitant about it." She smiled wryly. "Sometimes Worf has a tendency to forget that what s important for Klingons isn t important for everyone else. Either statement on its own would have been enough to make anybody angry, and I certainly can t imagine either of them saying those things to any other gay member of their crews."

"You suggest that they reacted the way they did because I am not human."

"Mostly I think they just have a hard time understanding why Dr. Soong would have deliberately programmed your emotion chip to make you attracted to other men."

Data nodded slowly, considering this. "My father did have an unusual way of looking at things. I do not doubt that he would find this situation most amusing. But I am what he made me, and I accept that."

"Exactly." She leaned back in her chair and settled in more comfortably. "The people that we re attracted to is a great part of what makes us who we are. It was natural for you to want to defend yourself. A perceived personal attack can easily be interpreted as though it were a physical threat, and reacted to just as aggressively."

"I believe I understand. Shortly after Worf s suggestion that I alter the program, I began to experience a novel confluence of emotion consisting of 72.3% anger, 16.1% confusion, 7.8% sadness and 3.8% fear. I also felt a compulsion to express every thought on the subject that came to mind."

"I ve never heard righteous indignation described quite so precisely before."

"I could tell you precisely which types of those emotions I experienced."

Troi let out a small laugh. "No, thank you Data, I think I get the picture."

"As you wish." Another detail occurred to him. "I believe that the mention of Lore may have precipitated my... rant."

"That was the most civil rant I ve ever heard, Data." Her face softened. "But it s understandable. I know that thinking about Lore isn t easy for you. It s to be expected that someone in an already emotionally fragile state would react more easily to something like that."

"It is normal for the subject of Lore to evoke several strong emotions, and this occasion was not an exception. I followed your advice and allowed the emotions to continue, and looking back, it felt as though this served to...  feed  the anger I felt. I believe it did not help that I subsequently began to consider my past experiences with anger."

"Which naturally brought you back to Lore."

"Yes."

Troi sighed again and moved to join Data on the couch. "I wish I could tell you that it will get easier, Data. You experienced a sort of trauma that most people can t even begin to imagine, and it s going to be a sore point for a very long time. But you seemed able to keep calm, so I d say you re making progress."

Data recalled the first time he had thought about Lore after the installation of the chip. It had been... unpleasant. "I agree. Thank you, Counselor."

"I m glad to help. So," she clapped her hands on her thighs and smiled wickedly. "Are you going to tell me just how you discovered your attraction to men in the first place?"

As Data observed Geordi constructing a model of the original United States schooner Enterprise to replace the one lost during the crash on Veridian III, he believed he was beginning to understand the appeal of crafting such objects by hand rather than simply replicating them. Geordi sat cross-legged on the floor of his quarters, surrounded by assorted miniaturized pieces of wood and rope and appeared to have no worldly concerns at all.

"I think his exact words were  I m such an ass.  Hand me that flag, will you?"

Data joined him on the floor and passed over the indicated replica flag. "Counselor Troi did suggest that Commander Riker s later silence was indicative of his embarrassment at his initial reaction."

"Then he stared off at your pile of chips for a second and said something like,  he just stormed out on us, didn t he?  and laughed. He loved it. I don t think you ve ever been more human to him than in that moment."

"Counselor Troi was similarly delighted. She said she was proud of the manner in which I ended the conversation while making clear what I thought of their reactions."

Geordi picked up what appeared to be the final piece of rigging. "Oh, you made it clear all right. Worf seemed worried that his honor would be tainted or something if he didn t get to apologize to you before he had to go back to DS9."

Data chose to forgo the obvious response regarding Worf s subsequent apology to him in the biometrics lab. The topic seemed to be a conversational dead end, as it were, and he found he wanted to raise another subject. "She also expressed amusement at my response when she inquired how I discovered my attraction to men."

"Oh yeah?" Geordi appeared distracted by the delicate operation of attaching the rigging to the mast.

"Yes. I am curious: do you also find it amusing that during my early exploration of emotion I watched several erotic holofilms in addition to the usual dramatic fare?"

Geordi s hand slipped and a yardarm swayed dangerously. He blinked rapidly - an expression of surprise still novel given that his ocular implants were only 63 days old - and steadied the yardarm. "Erotic holofilms?"

"Over the course of fourteen days I watched 382 films, seventeen of which were erotic in nature. 99.83% of all instances of sexual response were due to male humanoids."

Geordi cleared his throat as he ran a hand over his head. "What was the outlier?"

"A human female who bore an unfortunate resemblance to Tasha. I believe the response was caused by the sympathetic memory of our time together, as I do not experience attraction when I think of her. There is love, but only that for a lost friend." He had not finished that film.

"I m sorry, Data."

"Do not be. Among other things, it serves as an excellent example to me of the varying degrees of intersection - or lack thereof - between lust and love." He resumed the original course of the conversation. "Did you find my approach amusing?"

"Well..." Geordi resumed his attempt to rig the ship. "It s certainly... strange to think of you watching those things. But it s a reasonable thing to do, I suppose."

"I believe Counselor Troi was primarily amused by the immediate mental image she said she formed of me taking copious notes and calculating exact angles and forces. I confess, prior to the installation of the chip this was precisely my method of exploring various facets of sexuality."

Geordi smiled and bit back a laugh. "So what are you going to do now?"

"I do not know. I find I am at a loss as to how to proceed with intimate relationships. I do not even know how best to determine whether a potential partner would be interested in such a relationship."

"Ah, I know how you feel."

"In what way?"

"Well, I mean, just because I ve never had a relationship with a man doesn t mean the interest isn t there." Geordi finished attaching the rigging and the yardarm hung securely in its place. He leaned back, satisfied. "It s just... I m awkward enough with relationships already, it s easier to try it without the added insecurity of whether or not they re even into men. And I ve never really had anyone I felt motivated enough to get over that for."

"You suggest you would attempt to engage in a relationship with a male if you knew beforehand that his sexual orientation would not preclude it."

"Well... yeah."

"I see."

They were silent. Geordi stretched out his legs and grimaced. "Dammit, my leg s gone asleep."

"I have told you several times that it is not possible for an extremity to enter a semi-conscious somniative state."

"Now look-" Geordi glanced up from rubbing his calf.

Data just smiled at him.

Persian Gulf, 1991

The USS Princeton has been inching along under her own power for the past hour.  Clay's been on-deck since the explosions started, and now he's watching the lights blink across the stern of the USS Adroit, maybe half a mile ahead of them, leading a path through the minefield, leading them to safety.

Clay has to laugh, a little, because who ever joined up because they thought it would be the safe option?  Safe is married at nineteen to Susan Hawkins, dinner at his mother's every other Sunday.  Safe is a nine-to-five job and a garage full of power tools and a house he'll never pay off.  Clay blinks, turns his face into the evening wind, because he's been awake for more than thirty hours and it's starting to tell.

His men are belowdecks with the rest of the platoons and he could have lost them all today, just like he could lose them in Kuwait-if they ever get there, which is looking less and less likely- and it's a bad idea to think about this.  There's not even his own would-coulda-shoulda to dwell on, because he didn't drive this ship into a damned minefield, and if they'd hit at a slightly wider angle, maybe they'd all be in the water now, watching the ship go down and wondering when the surface is going to catch fire.  There's still oil all over the Gulf, after all.

Someone clears their throat behind him, and Clay pivots around, pulls himself to something like attention.  It's one of the Army Rangers, a captain he's seen in the officer's mess once or twice.  Older than him, hair starting to grey a little at his temples.  Lopsided smile.  Two beer bottles, condensation glistening on their sides, blue foil labels catching the low evening light.  Clay hasn't had a cold beer since Christmas, and his fingers actually twitch before he steels himself.

"Courtesy of the Athabasca," the other man says, holding out a bottle.  Over his shoulder, Clay can see the Canadian destroyer, her lights winking companionably as she sails away from them.  Canadian beer, on a day like today.  There might actually be a god, after all.

The captain smiles at him, easy, well-practiced.  Clay smiles back, knows it's not half as steady.  The captain raises his bottle.  "To well-laid plans," he says.

Clay raises his own beer, clinks the rims together.  "If we'd had one of those," he says, and god damn it, his voice sounds too young in his own ears, so he pitches it lower, "Maybe we wouldn't have sailed straight into a goddamn minefield."

The captain laughs.  "To luck, then," he says, raising one eyebrow.  "Or to well-placed allies who are generous with their beer."

That, Clay will drink to, and the beer is cold and perfect against his parched throat.  The captain downs half his bottle in one long swallow, then extends a hand.  "Hannibal," he says.  "Hannibal Smith.  Army rangers."

Clay shakes it.  "Lieutenant Frank Clay," he says, "Marines."

Hannibal Smith looks knowing.  "First command," he says, and it's not a question.  "You boys bound for Kuwait?"

Clay nods, fixes his eyes on the horizon, where the little minesweeper is leading the way.  "If we even get there," he says, and there's a lot of weight in those words.  A hundred thousand things that could happen, that could go wrong, and Clay is quietly desperate for the day when he won't be twenty-one anymore, his commission so fresh that anyone could spot it a hundred yards away.  For the day when he'll be steady, in control, and always know what to do.

Smith joins him at the railing, mouth pulled up in a half-smile like he can tell exactly what Clay is thinking.  Maybe he can.  God knows Clay feels like it's written across his skin, some days.  "You'll do all right," he says, and his voice is confident, like Hannibal Smith can see the future and maybe everything's not going to be a complete clusterfuck.

Clay hopes he's right.

 

2. 

Nicaragua, 2000

The Sikorsky S-76 controls under his hands are causing a pleasant flashback to the brief period he spent piloting for the British Royal Family, so it takes Murdock a moment or two to register the insistent squeal of the GPS, blinking out the last known position of the American unit.

The Queen was always a great lady, and Murdock sings, "God save the Queen!  She ain't no human being!" but means it in a nice way, really, as he swings the chopper around in a great swooping arc.  The Panama colours on the body flash in the sunlight, but Murdock's spray-painted USA!!! on both sides of the tail in black, drippy letters, so hopefully that'll bring them out.

There's little dark figures running out of the treeline, out into the clearing where the long grass is being beaten flat by the chopper's wash.  Two of them are moving slow, supporting another man between them, and Murdock clicks his tongue between his teeth.  This isn't anything like a cas-evac, he's got maybe rudimentary first-aid supplies in the admittedly plush cabin. 

The sliding door is missing, so the cabin's going to a bit breezy.  Murdock hopes the comfy seats make up for it.  The first commando's made it to the chopper, eyes wide.  He looks about twelve.  Murdock grins at him through the cockpit window and taps his headset.  The kid gets with the program, and grabs a headset from the backseat.  He's yelling into the mike before he's even got the headphones in place.  "PFC Dan Kauffman," he yells, "Who the hell are you, sir?"

Murdock laughs.  "Lieutenant Murdock," he says, "Officially, Army Rangers.  Unofficially, here to save all your asses."

The kid goggles at him for a moment, and then the rest of the squad reach the chopper in quick succession.  One of them grabs the headset.  "Captain Garrett Lim," he says.  Lim's eyes rapidly assess the chopper, Murdock and he apparently comes to several, not-unwarranted conclusions.  "You don't look like an official pickup, Lieutenant," he says.

Murdock tosses off a quick, sketchy salute.  "I'm the best that's coming for the next fifteen hours or so, Captain."

Lim takes about three seconds to think it over, then nods.  "Good enough," he says, and turns to his men.  "Rhames, Kauffman, get Henderson into the chopper and get him stabilized," he says, and tosses a look to Murdock.  "Small-calibre bullet to the leg.  We stopped the bleeding, but we need to get him out, fast."  Lim grabs a radio off his belt, brings it to his mouth and starts shouting.  "Alvarez, get down to the clearing.  We are airborne in one minute, acknowledge."  The radio clicks, and Lim runs low around the nose, then climbs into the co-pilot's seat.  He turns to Murdock.  "We have hostiles in pursuit," he shouts. "My sniper was covering the retreat."   

There are five men piled in the cabin around the injured Henderson, who groans as they distribute into surrounding seats.  "Captain," one of them yells, running his hands over the smooth wood panelling.  "This doesn't look much like military-issue."

"Watch the door," says Murdock, indicating the open space where it should be.  "In a minute or two, there's gonna be a bit of a drop there."

From one of the bluffs surrounding the clearing, there's the flat crack of a rifle, though Murdock can hardly hear it over the engines.  Then a figure comes skidding down the scree slope, rocks kicking up under his boots, a big rifle swinging over his shoulder.  When he hits the grass of the clearing, he picks up speed again, and as he gets close, Murdock gets a better look at him.  Young twenties, maybe, hair buzzed brutally short.  Dark, intense eyes that meet Murdock's for a quick instant.  Then the guy drops as bullets start slicing through the grass.

"Oh, I hate this part," says Murdock, as men start emerging from the treeline.  Machine gun fire rakes close to the chopper as Lim's men crowd the door and fire back.  Murdock revs the engine, once, twice and the guy-Alvarez-pops up like a jackrabbit and runs towards the chopper, somehow dodging fire without slacking speed.  He grabs the door frame and one of his buddies hauls him in while Captain Lim yells, "We're clear, go, go-"

Bullets ping off the tail rotor as the chopper charges forward across the clearing.  Murdock tips the nose low, gains a little air and just clears the trees.  Alvarez grabs a headset.  "Thanks for waiting," he rasps, breathlessly.

Murdock grins.  "Anytime.  Now, boys and girls, please keep your arms and legs inside the chopper while we conduct a brief aerial tour of the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican rainforest enroute to Panama."  He turns to Captain Lim, keeps his voice amiable.  "So tell me, why did the CIA send you and your bunch of fine upstanding young men out in the Nicaraguan bush?"

Lim actually looks a little resentful of the stock answer.  "Classified, Lieutenant," he says, then narrows his eyes.  "Official pickup wasn't coming, was it?"

Murdock shrugs.  "Oh, it was coming all right.  Maybe a few hours too late, but it was coming.  Way I heard it, from a friend of a friend of a friend," he smirks, and taps his nose.  Lim just stares at him, so he keeps going.  "Way I heard it, someone at the Company was maybe losing their jobs over this little jaunt, and maybe wanted a bit less paperwork to fill out.  Live ground operative testimony can be a real drag when you're spinning stories to some budget sub-committee, right?"

Murdock can practically hear Lim's teeth grinding, so he keeps his tone cheerful.  After all, no one wants to hear that they and their men have been fucked over and left high and dry, so he might as well tell the story in the happiest way possible.  "I was on the ground in Panama, so I borrowed this baby and came running."

Lim's mouth works over the word borrowed for a moment, then he closes his eyes.  "Lieutenant," he says, very carefully, "Who did you borrow this helicopter from?"

From whom did you borrow this helicopter, Murdock automatically corrects in his head, but now is probably not the time.  "The Presidential flight wing.  But don't worry!"  Murdock gestures at the missing door.  "It was in hangar for repairs, so they definitely weren't using it."

"You stole a chopper from the President of Panama?" and really, there's no reason for Lim to yell so loud.  Murdock's sitting right next to him.

Bright red tracers streak past the cockpit window, suddenly, and one of Lim's men yells, "Captain, we got hostile pursuit, eleven o'clock!"

Lim jerks around in the seat.  "They have a chopper," he says, disbelieving.  He swings around.  "Sit tight, guys."  Turning to Murdock, he says, "Lieutenant, I already owe Intel a boot up the fucking ass for this, but if you can get us out of here, I'm also going to owe you a drink." 

"I like mai tais," says Murdock, and banks hard left.

The President of Panama probably didn't like the idea of rocket launchers ruining the nice aerodynamic lines of his helicopter.  If they get out of this, Murdock's going to write him a polite letter recommending the addition of many, many guns.  Crazy evasive flying only gets you so far.

Murdock shakes his head abruptly, because that's defeatist thinking.  He is the king of crazy evasive flying.  He jukes left, right, then drops altitude abruptly as a missile streaks past.  The green forest below blurs dizzily around the cockpit window as he dives, contrasting sharply with the red digital numbers on the altimeter, flickering crazily.

Whoever's flying the other bird is good.  Not as good as he is, obviously, but he's just got to line up straight enough to get a shot off.  Machine gun fire grazes the co-pilot's window, and Lim jerks sideways.  He glances at Murdock.  "Thank you, Lieutenant.  For coming to get my men.  I mean that."

Suddenly, back in the cabin, someone yells, "Alvarez, you crazy motherfucker, what the fuck are you doing?"

Murdock knows that tone of voice.  It means someone's just done something unexpected and interesting.  People use it around him all the time.  He glances in the cockpit side mirror, and there's Alvarez, hanging out the open door frame.  He's hooked to the chopper by his leather rifle strap, and he's got the gun to his shoulder.  Even in the wild slipstream, his body is almost steady.  Murdock can't see his eyes, but he can use his imagination.

Murdock grins, and drops forward thrust so fast, the chopper almost stops in midair.  There's the flat report of the rifle, once-twice-three-shots, and then Alvarez bellows, "Go!"

Behind them, the other chopper is losing altitude fast, its canopy glass a mass of spiderwebbed cracks.  Perfect killshot on a chopper pilot from another moving chopper, Jesus Christ.  Murdock can't believe that fucking worked.

Alvarez's buddies latch onto his belt, his rifle strap, and haul him back in.  Lim swings around, taps his headset until Cougar grabs one of the spare sets.  "Corporal Alvarez, officially, that was a very novel manoeuvre and I commend you on your quick thinking and exemplary aim."  Lim's voice drops to a low growl.  "Unofficially, you pull that kind of fuckhead stunt again, you'll feel the back of my hand. Understood?"        

"Acknowledged," says Alvarez, and shoots Murdock a quick, conspiratorial look in the pilot's mirror.  Murdock grins, because he knows that look.  That's the expression of a man who's done something shitcrazystupid and had it succeed beyond his wildest expectations.  Murdock loves that feeling.

Over the roar of excited voices in the cabin, Murdock glances at the mirror and mouths, Nice shooting, cowboy.

Alvarez grins, and tips an imaginary hat.

 

 

3. 

Georgia, 2001

Pooch is pretty sure he doesn't have any of the right security clearances to be flying jump training flights at Fort Benning, but the army stuck his ass in the cockpit last month, and he's been in the air ever since.

In a way, it's almost soothing.  He's between assignments right now, and a little bit of mindless boredom, circling above the green Georgian countryside with no one shooting at him, is just what he needs.  Pooch has spent too much of the last two years either sitting on his ass or running for his life in every hotspot on three continents, generally while under fire.  He could get used to the quiet.

He could also get used to staying in one place long enough to land a proper date, because Clint's wife Lynn wants to set him up with her friend.  Jolene King teaches accounting courses at Columbus Tech, likes Italian movies, and is apparently looking forward to dinner tonight.  Pooch grins.

He could almost forget the rack of kids in the back, and this is a new group, up for their very first jump.  Once he tunes in, they're hard to ignore.  Pooch eyes them in the pilot's mirror.  Young, mostly, in a way he can't really remember being, although, intellectually, he knows it wasn't that far back.  Driving in war zones for twenty months will do that to a man.  The kids are loud, that heady mix of bravado and guts and pants-pissing terror which is probably the one uniting characteristic of all young men everywhere.  The tension's so thick it's practically a physical thing in the air.

Pooch steadies out as the jump instructor starts bellowing and the kids do the final check on their gear.  Terror's taken over as the primary feeling, now, although the kids are fronting hard, trying to hide it.  But they're practically sweating adrenaline.  Pooch almost feels drunk on it.

The first kid's at the door now, strung tight as a wire, and Pooch wonders if he'll choke, but no.  He shoves himself outward and the slipstream yanks him away in a second.

Like it's a signal, like someone's flicked a switch, the rest of the kids are suddenly primed, and they go out the door, one by one like bullets out of a chamber.  Maybe they're trying to prove something.  Pooch was so wired on his first jump, he honestly can't remember anything except the second he pulled the cord, and his chute unfurled like a thunderclap, like the loudest sound in the world.

The last kid is getting prepped to make his jump.  Pooch glances back, sees him pulling on his gloves, a quick flash of a tattoo over his knuckles.  Fool, Pooch reads, before the kid gets his gloves on and steps up to the door, hands planted solid outside the frame.  Pooch sees a fine tremor run through his big frame.

Only fools jump out of perfectly good airplanes, thinks Pooch, and laughs a little to himself.  The jump instructor's shouting something unintelligible, his words snatched away in the roar of the wind.  Pooch flicks a look over his shoulder, and the kid meets his eye for a brief moment.  "Go!"  Pooch yells, and grins.  He mouths, it'll be all right.

He has no idea if the kid can hear him, but he steadies, suddenly.  The kid flashes a quick thumbs up to the jump instructor, and then he's out the door.  His silhouette's dark against the bright sky for a second before he drops out of sight.

Pooch grins, and banks around in a wide curve.  Below him, there's a billow of white chutes, like a school of gently pulsing jellyfish.  He can't see the last kid, but he's out there somewhere.

It's beautiful, really, and Pooch wonders whether Jolene likes flying.

 

Germany, 2010

Face has got to get moving again, because Hannibal's plan for stealing the hard drive with this month's surveillance depends on him making his way out through the Lichtjahr Sicherheit building while the cameras go down for their five-minute maintenance cycle.  The eighth floor is currently closed for remodelling, but halfway down the hallway, there's a door with a shiny new deadbolt that looks like the Stone Age next to all the fancy computer scanners.  The hard drive's heavy in his vest pocket, but Face hasn't gotten this far in life by ignoring his gut, so he digs around for his pick set, taps his throat mike and says, "Hannibal, keep an eye out for me?  I gotta check something out."

There's a sigh from the other end.  Hannibal is currently hanging outside the building with a directional infrared sensor, and that sort of thing doesn't do much for his sense of tolerance.  "Face, you've got four minutes before the cameras are back up.  BA's already waiting at the rendezvous point."

"I know, I know, give me a few seconds-" Face has always been good with his hands, and this lock's no challenge.  Looks a rush job, too, and Face really wants to know what the Lichtjahr security boys wanted to stow out of the way of the rest of the building, up here where it's nice and private-

The tumblers click, and Face grins, yanks the lock off and pulls the door open.  The room is stripped bare, and empty except for the guy in black climbing gear, cuffed to an office chair, unconscious.  Face has to pull up short.

His earpiece buzzes.  "Face, what are you doing?" says Hannibal, his voice urgent.  "I don't know what's so interesting that you want to risk being caught by the friendly German security experts, but you need to keep moving, your window's closing."

Face taps his ear absently.  "On it, boss," and for a half-second, he thinks about walking away, but under the blood and bruises and scruffy blond hair, the guy looks so young.  Just a kid, practically, and someone's obviously dedicated some serious time to beating the crap out of him.  Face sighs, and twirls the wire pick through his fingers, absently.

The guy looks skinny, but Face has to revise his first estimate when he's trying to boost six feet of wiry muscle over his shoulder.  The guy groans, but doesn't fight him.  Face grits his teeth, and finally gets him over his shoulder in a fireman's carry.

Face and his unconscious friend avoid the guards more through a series of minor miracles than through any skill on Face's part.  Hannibal's voice is low and irritated in his ear, because he's perched outside with the infrared sensor, and Hannibal tends to get a little irritated when he's hanging outside buildings in the middle of the night, in the rain.

The guy stirs against him, one hand coming up to brush a line along his back.  "Cougar?" he slurs, and Face hear the quiet patter of blood on the floor.

"I'm going to try not to take that personally," he tells the guy, and picks up his pace.  You're not that much younger than me, he thinks, a little vindictively, even if it does look like the kid should be playing Frisbee on some college campus, black eyes notwithstanding.     

The whole thing about heroically carrying guys to safety?  It looks much better on TV, where no one acts like their spine is telescoping under the weight.  When he finally rounds the last corner, BA's waiting patiently in the last camera's blind spot, holding Face's rappelling harness.  He narrows his eyes when he sees the kid.  "Where the hell did he come from?" He's already at the window, scowling upwards at the jump line.  "Rated for three-fifty pounds, tops, how the fuck we gonna get him out of here?"

Hannibal's voice in his ear.  "Face, BA, you've got guards on your floor.  You're going to have to move."

Face says a couple of words that his mother tanned his ass for using when he was thirteen years old, and starts buckling on his climbing harness. 

***

Back at the warehouse, Hannibal's annoyed, and Face gets the inevitable lecture about deviating from the plan.  It's the abbreviated one, though, ten minutes tops, because he knows Hannibal wouldn't have left the kid in there either.  No ID, no weapons, nothing to indicate why he'd be tied up in a German security office in the middle of the night.  They could have dropped him at the hospital, but the Lichtjahr guys could have just picked him up again.  They certainly noticed he was missing, the way alarms started blaring two minutes after they cleared the building.  Face grins as Hannibal hits the lecture's nine-minute mark.  "Look at it this way, boss, any data accessed, any hardware missing, they're going to blame him.  We're scot free on this one."

Hannibal tilts his head, considering.  "A good point," he concedes, and flicks his gaze over to the cot in the corner.  The kid's still unconscious, but mostly intact.  They're lucky he didn't have a spinal injury.  BA had to haul him up, hand over hand, so they could get him to the zipline on the roof.

Murdock's leaning in a chair by the cot, his boot periodically nudging the guy's leg.  "Wake up," he says, leaning forward.  "Wake up, wake up, the proverbial songbird gets the wiggly invertebrate.  Hey.  Hey.  Wake up."

The kid snaps awake so fast that Face steps back, instinctively.  His eyes are bloodshot and unfocussed, his hands coming up to his face.  Concussion, thinks Face, until the kid swivels towards Murdock, squinting hard.   

"Wow," says the kid, blinking hard.  One of his eyes is half-swollen shut, so it looks like it's an actual effort.  "I really hope you're rescuing me, because if the guy who was hitting me yesterday finds out I'm cheating on him with another guy who's going to hit me, he's going to be so pissed off."

Face actually feels himself do a double-take.  Murdock starts to laugh.  "Take it easy," says Hannibal, and Face knows that voice.  That's the voice he uses when someone's been hit in the head but still has ready access to a sidearm.   Not that the kid has a gun, but maybe he's quick. The Lichtjahr goons didn't leave him cuffed up and knocked out for no reason.

When Hannibal leans in, the kid startles backwards.  "Wait a minute," he says, "Holy zombie Jesus.  I know you.  You're Colonel Hannibal Smith."

Face feels his gut tighten, because this could go very bad, very fast.  The kid, maybe not possessed of a properly-developed sense of self-preservation, keeps going.  "Word was your team killed a general and tried to steal a billion dollars."

Beside him, Hannibal is tense.  "You should know better than to be repeating rumours, kid.  It's bad for your soul."

The kid grins then, a little darkly.  "Of course, where would I be if I believed everything I read in the CIA's private emails?" he asks.  "If you listen to them, I was involved in the death of two dozen kids and then died in a fiery and as-yet-unexplained chopper crash."

Hannibal narrows his eyes, suddenly.  "You're one of Clay's boys."  He sounds honest-to-god taken aback, and Face is surprised.  Not much gets past Hannibal.  "Way I heard it, you were all KIA in Bolivia eight months back."  He tips his head, considering.  "I knew your CO a long time, you know.  We ran a few missions together for the Company, way back. So when I heard he and his team was dead, I figured someone screwed up, and he paid for it," here Hannibal pauses, "or someone at the CIA decided he was a liability."   

The kid shows his teeth.  "I hear there's been a lot of that going around lately."  Then something abruptly shifts in his expression, and Face can actually see the moment that darkness is pulled inward, and the kid smiles for real.  "Okay, proper thanks for the save.  And not to fanboy all over you, but can I say I've followed your team's missions with extreme interest?  By the way, you probably should tell your handlers that their report encryptions are garbage.  Oh, sorry, I meant should have told.  Sorry."  The kid looks conflicted for a brief moment, then sticks out his jaw, half-pugnaciously.  "Jake Jensen," he says.  "I need to call my team.  Please."

Hannibal hesitates for a moment, then nods.  BA, who's been lingering in the door, ready to move if the kid looked like snapping, tosses him a phone.  Jensen fumbles the catch a bit, still disoriented, but manages to punch in the number.  "Pooch," he says, and there's a muffled bellow from the other end.  Jensen winces.  "Yeah, yeah, I know.  I'm okay.  Let me talk to Clay."  A pause.  "What?  Jesus, fine.  I am a leaf on the wind, watch how I soar.  Happy now?  I am.  Okay."  Another pause.  "Clay.  Yeah, Lichtjahr guys grabbed me.  Must have thought I was casing their building.  Idiots."  He winces again.  "No, they worked me over pretty good, but I'm okay."  Now he rolls his eyes.  "Jesus, no, I'm fine.  No, I don't have a concussion.  Yes, I know I always say that."  He shoots Hannibal a slightly desperate look.  "Clay.  Clay!  Look, I made new friends!"  He shoves the phone in Hannibal's direction.

Hannibal looks like he's fighting back a smile when he takes the phone.  "Frank Clay," he says.  "Why the hell aren't you dead?"

***

 "Ooh," says Jensen, sometime later, "That's one of Lichtjahr's next-gen high-security data drives."  He smiles, and makes what Face can only describe as grabby hands.  "Can I see?  Please?"

***

By see, Jensen clearly means hack.

***

Jensen's hunched over Hannibal's laptop when Face comes back, cables running to the drive.  His nose is maybe eight inches from the screen-"Lost my glasses somewhere between the first smart remark and the second punch," he says- but his fingers are flying over the keyboard.  He's also carrying on a spirited conversation with Murdock.

"I should never ask anyone who outranks me if they've been smoking crack," says Jensen.

Murdock is grinning.  "I am not allowed to let sock puppets take responsibility for any of my actions."

"Self-modifying Markov process algorithms," says Jensen.  "Oh, now that's just sneaky.  Okay, um, I am not allowed to teach officers offensive things in Albanian, under the guise of learning potentially useful phrases."

Murdock cracks his knuckles.  "I am not allowed to wear a dress to any army function," he says.

That actually makes Jensen look up.  "Fuck off, you did not.  I don't fucking believe you."

Murdock flutters his hands a little.  Face shudders.  "Blue sequins," he tells Jensen, and adds, "It's a good mental image for all those cold lonely nights in the field.  Makes you really-appreciate them."  Face turns to Murdock.  "You're not quoting that stupid list again, are you?"

Murdock shrugs amiably.  "Only the things we've actually done."

From across the room, BA calls out, "We do not charge into battle, naked, like the Celts."

Jensen starts snickering into his fist, the other hand still typing frantically.  Murdock sighs.  "I remember that mission.  Good fucking times."

***

"That was fun," says Jensen, pulling Face's grey sweater over his head.  "My team's waiting for me in Frankfurt, but listen, if you guys ever wanna do another playdate, you give me a call."  He slings his bag over his shoulder and walks out of the warehouse, whistling.  In Face's too-big sweater and his black climbing tights, he looks more like some twenty-something hipster than a Special Ops hacker that the CIA left for dead.

Face flips through the Lichtjahr surveillance captures of the Arab, fresh and glossy from the printer.  Top-of-the-line security drive, DoD-issue equipment, cracked in forty-seven minutes.  Jesus.  "Hannibal, can't we keep him?  Please?"

Hannibal winces.  "I only ever tried to poach one of Clay's guys once.  Once."

 

5. 

Now

Clay's had days that have ended worse than this.  The perimeter's secured, the warehouse is wired up, and there's food.  Real, actual food cooked by hand.  Possibly with love.  Clay's not entirely sure how that happened, but he's not complaining.

 "This is actually very good," says Aisha.  She's sitting on a packing crate in the open doorway of the warehouse, the setting sun casting her shadow long across the ground.  There's a paper plate of curry balanced on her lap.

Murdock, Hannibal's pilot-Cougar apparently met him in Nicaragua, years back, because Spec Ops is a small, incestuous world- hasn't stopped staring at her for the last half-hour.  It's getting mildly worrying.  "Lady," he says suddenly, "If you marry me and take me away from all this, I will cook you curry every night and bake you pies and paint the white picket fence while you sharpen your knives, and it will be the best marriage ever."

The face Aisha makes is hard to classify, although Clay remembers seeing it once before, a month or so back when Cougar and Jensen got drunk and Jensen stood outside Aisha's motel room, holding a radio over his head and singing Peter Gabriel at the top of his lungs.  Not entirely similar, because Aisha isn't throwing knives this time.  Possibly she doesn't want to unbalance her plate.  She's right, the curry really is very good. 

 "Nobody's marrying Aisha," says Clay, because really, that's a hundred kinds of wrong, then winces a little at the expression she levels in his direction, and quickly amends.  "Okay, no one's marrying Aisha unless she decides she wants to get married, in which case just-please don't let it be any of these guys."

"Hey," say Murdock and Jensen, almost simultaneously.  Aisha snorts, picks up her plate and moves over closer to Cougar, who laughs, quietly.

Murdock watches her walk away with a forlorn expression on his face.  Clay watches as Jensen pats his arm consolingly.  "We've all been there, brother," he says.  "At least she didn't mention her ear collection this time."

Murdock turns to Face, Hannibal's de-facto XO.  It's hard to look at his and Hannibal's easy manner without thinking about Roque, and fuck, that thought's still raw.  "Face," says Murdock, "Come on, back me up here."

Face shakes his head.  "You're just not great with the first impressions, man," he says, then turns to Jensen.  "The first time we met, he set my arm on fire."  Face swings back towards Murdock.  "And really, no.  No way.  We'll find you something less dangerous to flirt with.  Like a tiger shark, or maybe a thermonuclear explosion."  He whistles, low under his breath.

Hannibal's other man, BA-Clay's positive that mohawk is too distinctive for covert work- looks up from the truck's engine that he's dismantling with Pooch, apparently for fun.  "Not letting your cojones do the thinking for once?"  BA laughs quietly, then shakes his head.  "That chick is solid fucking steel."

"I can still fucking hear all of you," says Aisha, not looking up from the gun she's cleaning.

Murdock is talking in a low, slightly agitated tone.  "How is this fair?  You guys get a sniper and a hacker and a gorgeous badass lady."

"Yes," Jensen points out reasonably, "But you guys got to fly a tank.  We never got to fly a tank."

Honestly, deep down, Clay is also jealous of the flying tank.

Hannibal leans against the table next to him, shifting a pile of surveillance photos deeper into the mass of bank documents, blueprints, files that Jensen's pulled out of a hundred secure databases.  All of it waiting for them to put it all together, to make a plan out of this mess.

Clay hasn't seen Hannibal in five years, but after his team's mess in LA-and really, they both probably owe the Los Angeles Port Authority an apologetic letter-it had seemed like a good time to touch base.  They're on the same side again, so to speak.

Hannibal looks older than he should, though Hannibal could probably say the same thing about him.  Neither of them is young anymore.

Hannibal quirks a smile at him, that familiar lopsided expression he remembers from so many years back.  Clay raises one eyebrow.  "You remember the first time we met?"  He keeps his voice low, though no one's listening to them.  Murdock `s captured most of the attention with an extremely detailed recounting of the time he met Cougar in Nicaragua, complete with expansive arm gestures and sound effects.  Even Cougar is smiling, a little, with his hat pulled low like he thinks no one can see.

Hannibal raises an eyebrow to match him.  "As I recall, you still owe me a beer."

Clay snorts.  "Put it on my tab.  You know that was my first command?  I was twenty-one and scared out of my fucking mind.  Having men who all depended on me, who lived or died on my order-fuck scared, I think I actually was out of my mind."

And he'd never tell any of his team this, but Hannibal Smith's been a constant in his life for almost two decades now.  Hannibal Smith climbed out of an incinerator and broke his whole team out of prison, took them away from the government and took them on the run, so Clay knows he understands.  He's been in that bad place too.

Hannibal's not really smiling anymore, but the expression's still there in his eyes.  "You ever get over it?" Hannibal asks, but he almost certainly already knows the answer.

Clay watches his men, and Aisha, who's actually laughing because Murdock's convinced Jensen to hack into the Los Angeles Traffic Authority's site and change every electronic billboard on the highway to read Fuck the Company and We're Sorry, Port of LA, and they're still breathing, still following him, even after everything that's happened.  "No, but who does?"

Hannibal actually laughs at that, and pulls out a cigar.  "That's just the way it works," he says, from between his teeth, as he strikes a match.  The tip of the cigar flares red, like a tracer round, and Hannibal exhales a slow cloud of smoke.  He taps the files on the table in front of him, the results of two months of dedicated, meticulous research.  Two months closer to their endgame.

Clay smiles, slowly.  "Let me tell you about Max."    

Disclaimer: I own nothing. Seriously.

A/N: This is me at about midnight, sleep-deprived, inspired to write about our dear English-challenged friend, Cats. He is indeed a special individual, and deserves a special story.

Once upon a time, Cats got bored doing whatever he does for a living, commanding his minions around in broken English and whatnot. So, he decided to fly his battleship to my planet, namely the humble planet of Muffin. We are a peaceful people on the planet Muffin. Well, except for the Random Acts of Randomness, but more about those later.

When he reached planet Muffin, he was greeted with a warm welcome from our tribe, the lazy-yet-widely-feared Butternut tribe.

"Nnnganahh-ehhhhhhh! Jinnntoh-ehhh-ee-ehhhh!" said our tribal chief, who was known only as Dances With Penguins. (Translation: Welcome, oddly-dressed stranger! We greet thee, oh other-worldly being!) Cats replied in the most intelligent way he could think to.

"All your base are belong to us! You have no chance to survive make your time - I mean, I are not invader of your crib. Peace, my dawg." Cats had been picking up cheesy radio signals from Earth lately that interfered with his Engrish communicator.

We stared at him with perplexed expressions on our faces. Not quite understanding what had just come out of this strange visitor s mouth, we embraced him with loving arms.

"Shayaaaaaaa-shangehhhhhhh! Machii-maki-maki-ohhh!" we cried out in unison. (Translation: We shall now perform the sacred shanking ritual! To the Shanking Grounds!) We carried him off on our shoulders to the sacred Shanking Grounds of the Ancients. When we reached our destination, we set Cats down on the ground and yanked his pants down.

"Ow!" cried Cats, not expecting to have his chili pepper-print boxers exposed so early on in his visit. "What you do?"

"Rrrrrrrrringatchi-ennnn, ohmah!" said Dances With Penguins. (Translation: Now let us celebrate the arrival of our new king!)

"Krrrakii-ehhh! Duumu-teppii-doh!" I yelled. (Translation: Woo-hoo! Let s party, y all!)

We all carried Cats, our new king, off to our Giant Party Tiki Hut. Why did we choose him as our new king, you may ask? Because we wanted to, that s why. You see, this was one of our Random Acts of Randomness. So, we all drank pineapple-mango juice and danced to repetitive-yet-addictive techno music all night long. At the end of the celebration, we crowned Cats with his new crown, initiating him in as our new king, and presented him with his new tribal name, Maximum Tomato. Sadly, he had to leave us the next morning to continue his quest to conquer the universe. Nevertheless, Planet Muffin will never forget our beloved and eternal ruler, Cats the Great.
A/N: If this was a little to bizarre for you, it s because I was very tired when I wrote this, yet I still felt that I needed to pay tribute to Cats. Review if you wish, and happy reading as always.